Start rewriting the reactive documentation (#17675)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/cassandra.adoc

interface] gives you access to a series of reactive methods that integrate seamlessly with Quarkus
and its reactive framework, Mutiny.

> TIP:  If you're not familiar with Mutiny, check xref:mutiny-primer.adoc[Mutiny - an intuitive reactive programming library].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP:  If you are not familiar with Mutiny, please check xref:mutiny-primer.adoc[Mutiny - an intuitive reactive programming library].
```
